{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f5\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red164\green8\blue3;\red7\green60\blue82;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red155\green44\blue3;\red53\green53\blue53;\red103\green29\blue2;\red63\green105\blue30;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c71055\c10387\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c30219\c39596;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c67803\c24280\c0;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c48452\c16305\c0;\cssrgb\c30831\c47797\c15540;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23840\viewh14960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 OOP Project Description - \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Information System of Research-Oriented University (Console-based)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf3 \

\f1\b0 It is a big project, but remember you have 8 arms in your team. Not the only one team leader :)\
Project have various kinds of jobs, and it is the responsibility of a team leader to complete assignments effectively after careful examination of human resources.\
It is a part of your amazing major! Good luck!
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Your project - research-oriented university system. You should have classes (superclasses, subclasses, abstract classes), interfaces, enumerations, your own exceptions, patterns (to be studied next week), etc. - all techniques we have studied. Before coding you must design your system - create an architecture using 
\f0\b Use Case 
\f1\b0 and 
\f0\b UML class Diagrams.
\f1\b0 \
\
Your project costs 30 points - 10 pts in ATT2 
\f0\b and
\f1\b0  20 of your final exam (other 20 points - oral exam. Team leaders automatically take 20 for this part).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf4 3 project parts
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \cb5 \uc0\u9874 
\f0\b A.
\f1\b0  
\f0\b\fs26 \cb1 Diagrams
\f1\b0 \

\fs24 \cb5  use case & class diagrams, submission: 15th week\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 Use StarUML for both diagrams.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb5 Upon finishing, generate code sources from your class diagram and fill the classes with method implementations.\
Do not forget about reverse engineering - reflecting back changes to your diagrams.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb5 \uc0\u9874 
\f0\b B.  Models (Classes)
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Show a 
\f3\i draft 
\f1\i0 of your classes during the 15th week (practice time), the 
\f3\i final 
\f1\i0 version on the final exam\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb5 \uc0\u9874 
\f0\b \uc0\u1057 . Demo (test class in console)
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 To be submitted during your final exam with finished and corrected parts A, B.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u9874 
\f0\b D. Project materials - documentation (html, for 5-10 classes at least), presentation, report.
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb5 \ul For your Final exam:
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
SUBMIT YOUR REPORT(pdf only) and PROJECT (Zip only, with documentation) and PRESENTATION (pdf) IN COMMENTS UNDER TELEGRAM POST (you will see it later). \
Indicate surnames and names of the team members in a message. 
\f3\i As a private message, the team leader must share with me a link to a telegram/teams chat used all this period between team members\
to discuss and implement the project.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 The report
\f1\b0  must be complete, detailed, and well-structured. Include a detailed description of your classes, interfaces, etc.  Include code fragments and final versions of UML diagrams in your report. In addition, provide info about your problems and project management issues, screenshots of the teams, or a telegram group.\
\

\f0\b The presentation
\f1\b0  should have no more than 3-4 slides (what works/what does not work)
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 For the B part, you are not obliged to simulate the system at work; you just need to create models - classes, interfaces, enums, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf6 \
REQUIREMENTS
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
I omit details description because that is not only a programming task but also a DESIGN task, so it is up to you which methods/fields your classes will have. And generally, which classes you will have :) Required are: 
\f4\i\b \cf4 User, Employee, Teacher, Manager, Student, Admin, Course, Mark, Lesson, Researcher, ResearchPaper, ResearchProject
\f3\b0 .
\f1\i0 \cf2  Other classes are up to you.\
\

\f0\b\fs28 \cf6 Your system must support:
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf7 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf7 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Lesson type - lecture/practice\cf8 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf7 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Student - bachelor. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf8 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}4th year students have a research supervisor who is a Researcher. If a person whose h-index < 3 is assigned as a supervisor, a custom exception must be thrown. 
\f0\b \cf7 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf7 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}There can be more than 1 instructor per course \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf8 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}In the system, Teachers and Students CAN be researchers. Those teachers, who are professors 
\f4\i\b ARE always 
\f3\b0 researchers
\f1\i0 . However, bachelor students and teachers who are not professors(e.g., tutors, senior lecturers, etc.) 
\f0\b can 
\f1\b0 also be researchers. And there can be an employee, who is neither a Teacher nor Student, but he is a Researcher. Researcher has a research projects(s), research papers (also an Object!) etc.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Fields for a ResearchPaper can be chosen from here - https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9766691 . Take 5-10 important ones, citations, name, authors, journal, pages, date , doi etc.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Researcher must have a method 
\f5\i PrintPapers(Comparator c) 
\f1\i0  that prints his research papers in sorted order, dictated by the comparator - by date published or by citations or by the article length (use pages).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The system must support printing research papers of all researcher in the university, also sorted by date published or by citations or by the article length.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The system must support printing top cited researcher of the school, of the year (among all schools).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}ResearchProject has a topic, published papers, and project participants. If someone who is not a Researcher tries to join the ResearchProject, custom Exception must be thrown.
\f0\b \cf7 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf7 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Report generation (about marks, just simple statistics)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb5 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4 or more design patterns\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf6 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 General requirements:
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 -
\f0\b 	OOP style\
-    Usage of Comparable, Comparators, equals, hashcode, toString, etc.\
-	Properly working serialization (think about Data Storage and some pattern)
\f1\b0 \
-    Any user should access the system via authentication\
-	Intuitive usage\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b -	Consistency with UML
\f1\b0 \
-    Do not forget about proper usage of enumerations. You can use them to represent teachers\'92 titles, for example - tutor, lector, senior_lector, professor, etc.\
-	Proper and logically consistent usage of Collections\
-	Usage of java api (standard classes). Do not reinvent the bicycle.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b -    Documentation
\f1\b0 \
-    Low coupling, high cohesion\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Approximate Checklist (for everything except research):\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 -	
\f0\b Admin\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \cf0 Manage Users (Add, remove, update)\
See log files about user actions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \cf0 -	
\f0\b Teacher\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \cf0 o	View Courses
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	Manage Course
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	View Students, info about students
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	Put marks
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	Send  messages to other employees (actually, any employee can send the message to any employee), Send Complaints\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \cf0 -	
\f0\b Student\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \cf0 o	View Courses, Register for Courses
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	View info about teacher of a specific course
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	View Marks
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	View Transcript
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	Rate teachers
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	Get Transcript
\f0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 -	
\f0\b Manager\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \cf0 o	Approve students registration, Add courses for registration (specify for which major/year of study the course is intended)\
o	Assign courses to teachers
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	Manager types \'96 OR, department, etc. (use enumeration).
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	Create statistical reports on academic performance. 
\f0\b \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o	Manage news
\f0\b  \
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\b0 o   View info about students and teachers (in different ways , e.g., sorted by gpa , alphabetically , etc)
\f0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 o   View requests from employees (they have to be signed by dean/rector)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 -	
\f0\b Researcher - described above. Researcher is a mystery. Is it an interface? Abstract class? Created using Decorator pattern? Just employee? Figure it out. There is no single answer. 
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Important note:\
Account for details! For example:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1420\fi-360\ri380\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \cf0 o	Students can\'92t have more than 21 credits\
o	Students can\'92t fail more than 3 times\
o	Mark consists of 1\super st\nosupersub , 2\super nd\nosupersub  attestation, and final. \
o	Many more, really \'85 
\f0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf9 \ul MOST IMPORTANT FUNCTIONALITY\ulnone  - course registration, putting marks, research. Finish it first.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Bonus:  
\f1\b0 Take into account as many details as possible (for valuable extra features you will get extra points, e.g. Schedule generation (take into account room load, room type, etc.), Attendance, Report generation option for teacher (about marks), advanced search by regular expressions, startups, recommendation letters.\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}